README: corrections and suggestions (#2)
bijanebrahimi/portable-geli: README.md

```

## Description
The first argument to geli indicates an action to be performed:

### init
Initialize providers which need to be encrypted.
Multiple providers are not supported.
A unique salt will be randomly generated for provider to ensure the Master Key for is unique.
Here you can set up the cryptographic algorithm to use, Data Key length, etc.

> The last sector of the providers is used to store metadata.
> that the metadata can be recovered with the restore subcommand using the backupfile and backup action described below.

Author: ```suggestion
The last sector of the provider is used to store metadata.
Metadata can be recovered with the restore subcommand using the backupfile and backup action described below.
```

Additional options include:

- `-b`
Try to decrypt this partition during FreeBSD boot, before the root partition is mounted.
This makes it possible to use an encrypted root partition for only the FreeBSD

- `-B backupfile`
File name to use for metadata backup.
To inhibit backups, you can avoid this option at command line.

- `-e ealgo`
Encryption algorithm to use.
Currently supported algorithm is: `AES-XTS`.
The default and recommended algorithm is `AES-XTS`.

- `-g`
Enable booting from this encrypted root filesystem.
Only applicable when booting the encrypted device using FreeBSD.
The FreeBSD boot loader prompts for the passphrase and loads loader(8) from the encrypted partition.

- `-i iterations`
Number of iterations to use with PKCS#5v2 when processing User Key passphrase component.
This option is mandatory.

- `-J newpassfile`
Specifies a file which contains the passphrase component of the User Key (or part of it).
If newpassfile is given as -, standard input will be used.

> Only the first line (excluding new-line character) is taken from the given file.
> otherwise the environment variable of `passphrase` will be used.

Author: ```suggestion
Only the first line (excluding new-line character) is taken from the given file, otherwise the environment variable of `passphrase` will be used.
```
